Update certificate-credentials.md (#4859)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-node/docs/certificate-credentials.md

const cca = new msal.ConfidentialClientApplication(config);
```

> Both `thumbprint` and `privateKey` are expected to be strings. `privateKey` is further expected to be in the following form (pkcs #8):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `thumbprint` and `privateKey` are expected to be strings. `privateKey` is further expected to be in the pkcs#8 format:
```
